<h1> Who are the Binches? </h1>
<p> The Binches (Hannah, Raiche, Jaica, and Cailley) 
are a group of four friends who turned into family back in elementary school. Our name came from a cookie called "Binch" that actually stood for "Biscuits n Chocolate". Being immature kids, we thought it would be funny to name ourselves after a cookie that sounds like a bad word! Even though we're older now (yet still immature), the name stuck. We share a love for food... especially boba, soups, and rice! We love trying out new places together and are passionate for photography, film, cooking, graphic design, and of course eating, so what better way to document our adventures than through a food review Instagram page? Fun Fact! We actually created BinchBites as a joke after being inspired by our favorite teacher, Mr. Marchant's own foodie Instagram, but it has actually been fun getting attention from the actual establishments we visit and even getting reposted. </p>

<h1> What do we do? </h1>
<p> Although we may not be the most consistent in posting, we go out to eat and get boba for serotonin A LOT. Each time we go to a new spot, we love to take pictures of what we're eating and post our opinion on the food. Since there are four of us, we typically each get a different item and make our review based on if we reccomend the item of not. Additionally, we recently created our first video reviewing ube flavored desserts to celebrate Filipino American History Month. Our video, "Ubussin or Ubad", will be airing on our school's live stream, but stay tuned for more potential videos on the BinchBites page. </p>

<h1> Where have we been? </h1>
<p> We've traveled all throughout California- from San Francisco to San Diego and everywhere in between. We have also gone to various states and are on a mission to go to other countries to try their cuisines. Recently, we've visited Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco, Mission Bay, San Diego, and Jamaica! Some of our favorite spots include TPTea in Berkeley, Matcha Cafe Maiko in Japantown SF, and Ozen Sushi in Norwalk, California. Even though we aren't the most consistent in posting, we're always eating. Follow us on Instagram for more BinchBites content!
